SUMO-252682: Adding monitors info for otel apps - set 5 (#4969)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/pci-compliance/opentelemetry/windows-json-opentelemetry.md

Track your Windows Update activities.

<img src='https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/PCI-Compliance-For-Windows-JSON/OpenTelemetry/Windows-PCI-Req-06-Windows-Updates-Activity.png' alt="Windows - PCI Req 06 - Windows Updates Activity" />

> ## Create monitors for PCI Compliance For Windows JSON - OpenTelemetry app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create monitors for Windows JSON app
```

Reviewer 2: same feedback we have multiple windows based apps

import CreateMonitors from '../../../reuse/apps/create-monitors.md';

<CreateMonitors/>

> ### PCI Compliance For Windows JSON - OpenTelemetry Alerts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Windows JSON alerts
```

Reviewer 2: same feedback we have multiple linux based apps

| Name | Description | Alert Condition | Recover Condition |
|:--|:--|:--|:--|

> | `Windows PCI - Critical Policy Changes` | This alert is triggered when modifications to security policies or audit policies are detected, indicating potential changes to the system's security posture. It supports PCI DSS Requirements 10.2.2 (Track changes to system-level objects) and 10.2.5.b (Track use of identification and authentication mechanisms). | Count >= 1 | Count < 1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Windows PCI - Critical Policy Changes` | This alert is triggered when modifications to security policies or audit policies are detected, indicating potential changes to the system's security posture. It supports PCI DSS Requirements 10.2.2 (track changes to system-level objects) and 10.2.5.b (track use of identification and authentication mechanisms). | Count >= 1 | Count < 1 |
```

> | `Windows PCI - Critical Policy Changes` | This alert is triggered when modifications to security policies or audit policies are detected, indicating potential changes to the system's security posture. It supports PCI DSS Requirements 10.2.2 (track changes to system-level objects) and 10.2.5.b (track use of identification and authentication mechanisms). | Count >= 1 | Count < 1 |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `Windows PCI - Critical Policy Changes` | This alert is triggered when modifications to security policies or audit policies are detected, indicating potential changes to the system's security posture. It supports PCI DSS Requirements `10.2.2` (track changes to system-level objects) and `10.2.5.b` (track use of identification and authentication mechanisms). | Count >= 1 | Count < 1 |
```

> | `Windows PCI - Excessive Failed Login Attempts` | This alert is triggered when authentication failures across Windows environments are detected and analyzed, examining mechanisms like local Windows authentication, Kerberos, and network logons. It correlates failure patterns with specific error codes to identify potential security threats such as password guessing, account enumeration, or attempts to access disabled accounts. This helps security teams differentiate between benign issues and malicious activities. | Count >= 5 | Count < 5 |

Reviewer 3: First sentence in description is not clear. Will this alert be triggered only when we detect the excessive failed login attempts? OR, will it be during analysis or examining the mechanisms.... too?

Reviewer 2: the alert is triggered when there are failed login attempts which can be attempted across different auth mechanisms like kerbereos, local windows authentication etc.

> | `Windows PCI - Excessive Failed Login Attempts` | This alert is triggered when authentication failures across Windows environments are detected and analyzed, examining mechanisms like local Windows authentication, Kerberos, and network logons. It correlates failure patterns with specific error codes to identify potential security threats such as password guessing, account enumeration, or attempts to access disabled accounts. This helps security teams differentiate between benign issues and malicious activities. | Count >= 5 | Count < 5 |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `Windows PCI - Excessive Failed Login Attempts` | This alert is triggered when there are multiple authentication failures detected across Windows environments. These are monitored across different authentication mechanisms like local Windows authentication, Kerberos, and network logons. It correlates failure patterns with specific error codes to identify potential security threats such as password guessing, account enumeration, or attempts to access disabled accounts. This helps security teams differentiate between benign issues and malicious activities. | Count >= 5 | Count < 5 |
```

> | `Windows PCI - Failed Windows Updates` | This alert is triggered when Windows Update failures are detected, which could leave systems vulnerable to known exploits. It aligns with PCI DSS Requirement 6.2 for installing critical security patches within one month of release. | Count >= 3 | Count < 3 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Windows PCI - Failed Windows Updates` | This alert is triggered when Windows update failures are detected, which could leave systems vulnerable to known exploits. It aligns with PCI DSS Requirement 6.2 for installing critical security patches within one month of release. | Count >= 3 | Count < 3 |
```

> | `Windows PCI - Failed Windows Updates` | This alert is triggered when Windows update failures are detected, which could leave systems vulnerable to known exploits. It aligns with PCI DSS Requirement 6.2 for installing critical security patches within one month of release. | Count >= 3 | Count < 3 |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `Windows PCI - Failed Windows Updates` | This alert is triggered when Windows update failures are detected, which could leave systems vulnerable to known exploits. It aligns with PCI DSS Requirement `6.2.0` for installing critical security patches within one month of release. | Count >= 3 | Count < 3 |
```

> | `Windows PCI - Security Audit Log Tampering` | This alert is triggered when attempts to clear or tamper with Windows security audit logs are detected, indicating potential attempts to hide malicious activities. It supports PCI DSS Requirements 10.2 (Implement automated audit trails) and 10.3 (Record audit trail entries). | Count >= 1 | Count < 1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Windows PCI - Security Audit Log Tampering` | This alert is triggered when attempts to clear or tamper with Windows security audit logs are detected, indicating potential attempts to hide malicious activities. It supports PCI DSS Requirements 10.2 (implement automated audit trails) and 10.3 (record audit trail entries). | Count >= 1 | Count < 1 |
```

> | `Windows PCI - User Account State Change` | This alert is triggered when critical user account state changes are detected, including account creation, deletion, enablement, and disablement, to comply with PCI DSS Requirement 8.1.3 for immediately revoking access for terminated users. | Count >= 1 | Count < 1 |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `Windows PCI - User Account State Change` | This alert is triggered when critical user account state changes are detected, including account creation, deletion, enablement, and disablement. This supports PCI DSS Requirement 8.1.3 for immediately revoking access for terminated users. | Count >= 1 | Count < 1 |
```
